c
and hello to you seveso friends who
so today I'm going to you
learn how night business
body so the string nay so what is it
that it is then in fact it is at the base
it's a music that they are
recent or old, and in fact that
is really really really really
ready remixed with speed
So here I am, I make you listen
really a weight and so that's it
a body help lasts one hour
the
so for those who will have that will have
recognized
so that's so
while I find his steps we're going
to do like that we will donate otherwise he
you'll have to download wife and
sand editor here is where the trio goes
remove themselves have done open file on you
look for your other song
for a month it'll be this one by
example attack
here we all know in the age sl we go
do not agree
it's true it's really simple it
knows how to rely like that of his
guide recognize I think for his part
m
tha
So here you do effect here speed
speed and teaching so there it to 365 including
we will put for example 250 toc 213
up top 250 that's possible it
do that their strengths several times
that for 250 so here we put it back to
start we will see what it gives
it seems to me it seems not bad
lobby
coc
battle
it seems to me quite a lot for even
amplified kind
so here we go
must of course so to record
you are doing syfy has machin where we have
been your site and it is in full swing
dream alone so here's thanks for having
keep this cloth early do not forget to
subscribe to my slut laika my video
if you have who does you have any
questions put a comment to the
next bye